>> Steve Kinney: So
some anti-patterns and some patterns.
Making one off classes in this case,
right?
Feels like, well, I need this class.
I need one for my button, whatever.
I mean this class,
if you just go my button now it'll work.
If you try to do hover:my-button,
it won't,
cuz you didn't give it the right hooks for
it to figure that out, right?
Instead, @utlity my-button,
now Tailwind knows,
okay, when I see hover colon or md colon,
it just gives it the wiring to
know how to do all of that, right?
Another one is you can at any given point
opt out of all of the theming stuff and
use arbitrary values, right?
And this will all work.
Good luck refactoring that code later,
right?
It's kinda using arbitrary
values anywhere, right?
The more you kind of go rogue on
certain places, the sadder you will be.
But at any given point, if you're like,
I need this one off one time thing,
you can use this bracket syntax and
it will totally work.
You will just be sad on a long enough
timeline and then you'll be like,
I hate Tailwind.
You don't hate Tailwind.
You got to look inward at that point
instead, just set some theme variables and
again, if you're only using it once,
sure, use the arbitrary value.
But if you just nested the same color a
thousand places in your code base, again,
the worst crimes I have ever committed
on my own code base is getting a little
egregious thinking I know regex better
than I do when I find and replace, right?
And so
we can just add additional utilities and
these will be supported everywhere.
You will be happier over the long term.
So yeah, just the high level things.
And again, we will see these in practice.
They are just kind of to put some mile
markers in your brain as we go along.
When in doubt, probably have most
of our styling happening in HTML,
the air quotes because
that HTML might be jsx,
that HTML might be a svelte file,
that HTML might be angular markup.
How about that?
Other than tweaking our theme will
probably not spend too much time in
CSS land.
You're like aw, or you're like, yes,
both of those are very good reactions.
We'll look at tweaking
the theme as we need to and
occasionally if we need to make on either
side of that colon, you can make custom
utility if you need to make a new kind
of what you would think of as a class.
But if you also wanna have that
MD colon makes a media query and
puts the class inside of it.
That's what we call a variant, you can
make those as well as we go through.
And with that, let's go get set up.